add depreciation warning (#61)
containeroo/helminator: README.md

# Helminator

> **DEPRECIATION WARNING***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# DEPRECIATION WARNING
```

> In favor of [Renovate regex](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/manager/regex/) this project wil not be maintained anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In favor of [Renovate regex](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/manager/regex/) this project will not be maintained anymore.
```

> here is an example how renovate will check if a helm chart update is available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example renovate configuration to check if a helm chart update is available:
```
